12/19/2012

Three designs in this directory:


9xVoice MikeB SMD v101:

This is an all SMD version of MikeB's 9xVoice board for the 9x, copied from 
images of his Eagle designs posted on 9xforums. You'll need to be pretty handy
with the soldering iron with this one, as all the chips are SMD too. This is 
likely the design I'll be building once MikeB has completed all his testing,
as I did the layout myself and therefore can only blame myself if it doesn't 
work.


AudioMega HaGeHa SMD v101:

This is a Eagle-ified, all SMD version of HaGeHa's AudioMega board for the 9x. 
I did not use the same pin layout as on the HaGeHa DIL design, as I was lazy 
and copied the MikeB SMD design! I did retain the 7 pin programmer & MicroSD 
layouts though. Again, you'll need to be pretty handy with the soldering iron 
with this one, as all the chips are SMD too.


AudioMega Oliver v101:

This is a slightly cleaned up, double sided version of Oliver's Eagle designed
AudioMega board he posted on 9xforums. Clearly Oliver also knows his stuff, as 
his original design is another masterpiece of PCB layout. I get double sided 
boards at no extra cost from my batching service, so I use 'em 'cause I can!


Eagle CAD Version: 6.3.0

Disclaimer: 

Although I confirmed that a printed version of MikeB & HaGeHa's PCBs fit 
perfectly in both my 9x transmitters, I have not actually etched & built the 
designs. I also have not checked Oliver's board, but a few 9xforums members have 
built the design, so it should be good. Feel free to modify the designs, but 
please let me know if you find any errors!

Notes:

The boards are double sided and use thru holes, so it may not be the best for 
home etching. I use a PCB batching service, oshpark.com (no affilliation) to
manufacture all my boards. It's as simple as uploading the Eagle .brd file,
wait 2 weeks or so and you get your boards. The only gotcha is that you need 
to order a minimum of 3 boards, so it may make sense to do a group order.

Thanks!
Mbanzi